we are back with a brand new rap loud so
another video my third video actually
the past few ones have actually exceeded
my expectations
I never thought they would get over 100
views they've actually you know have
reached over a thousand views so that is
pretty amazing I never knew people
wanted to watch my videos but really
grateful for it so thank you very much
so let's focus on this now it's going to
be a review type video like sort of like
the first one but more fashion type so
that you're going to be about it's going
to be about hanker braces I'm a very
certain you've seen them around in
fashion blogs YouTube videos Instagram
other people wearing them what have you
then you might have been interested in
them so we're going to do one I want to
make this too long so we're going to get
to it right away I just want to say that
I need my own anchor bracelets and other
braces so throwing that out there
it might be a little bit biased but I'm
going to try to stay true to my word
review it normally what bracelets go
with how they work in the summer spring
with many outfits and everything that
you might want to know about anchor
racing here's an example also they're
really adjustable so yeah small or big
sized wrist or medium size wrist
of course you can wear this so if I go
on to any type of wrist I'll let me just
throw this out there because some people
might want to know how to put them on
smaller size loop smaller with a larger
size loop bigger with medium medium
alright so let's get to it
we're going to show clips with different
outfits as I said and let's not make
this too long let's go
Oh
News
and the deepest fear of your store are
pro the kind of forces Oakland Hills
line cause my fingers and shirt we were
polish I feel your lungs
alright guys that is it thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed it if you have
any questions whatsoever make sure to
contact me you can leave a comment
Instagram or email all the braces that
you've seen in this video they're all
going to be linked down below for your
purposes that is pretty much it make
sure to comment like subscribe and share
the video if you found it helpful or you
want other people to see definitely
helps out and make sure you stay tuned
for the next video it's going to be
another fashion type form in the air
video who knows and that is all for
today